doc: Difference between v0 and v1 (#29)
nervosnetwork/godwoken-doc: docs/differenceBetweenV0AndV1.md

In the v0 network failed transactions are rejected by the client.

In the v1 network failed transactions are also packaged into layer2 block, and users need to pay the fee for failed transactions. This behavior improves the compatibility with the Ethereum toolchain and reduces DOS vulnerability.

### Ethereum toolchain compatible

In v0 network developers must use the `polyjuice-provider`  plugin to interact with contracts.

In v1 network developers can interact with contracts through web3 RPC. Ethereum tools such as Metamask can interact with Godwoken without modification.

### CKB transfer

In both v0 and v1, the transfer value transaction is unsupported. Users must transfer their CKB via the CKB ERC20 contract.

### CKB decimals

CKB is `8` decimals on layer1, however, to be compatible with the Ethereum toolchain, we change the decimals of CKB to `18` on layer2, just like the ETH.

Users operate CKB in Metamask or other Ethereum tools in `18` decimals. In the contract, CKB is also represented in `18` decimals.

Withdraw from layer2 must be in `8` decimals, so you cannot withdraw CKB that is less than `8` decimals (less than `1 shannon`) from layer2.

### Minimal gas price

> To prevent DoS attacks, a minimal gas price is introduced into the v1 network, currently, the minimal gas price is `1000 shannon`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent DoS attacks, a minimal gas price is introduced into the v1 network. Currently, the minimal gas price is around `9000 shannon`, which means that a normal ERC20 transfer will cost less than $0.01.
```
